Add Traffic Shaping Annotations (#32549)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/_index.md

This annotation is used to set [Pod Deletion Cost](/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/replicaset/#pod-deletion-cost)
which allows users to influence ReplicaSet downscaling order. The annotation parses into an `int32` type.

{{< note >}}
Both ingress and egress traffic shaping annotations are experimental feature.
If you want to enable traffic shaping support, you must add the `bandwidth` plugin to your CNI configuration file (default `/etc/cni/net.d`) and
ensure that the binary is included in your CNI bin dir (default `/opt/cni/bin`).

>  {{< /note >}}

Reviewer: I'm afraid we need to include the note **below** the relevant heading and not before it.

Author: this note covers both the annotations , so should I place it just after one heading?

Reviewer: We can't assume that someone reads about any of the other annotations in a page, so both annotations need at least a brief note. It's OK to hyperlink to another web page (even a README) that includes more detail.

This annotation is used to set [Pod Deletion Cost](/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/replicaset/#pod-deletion-cost)
which allows users to influence ReplicaSet downscaling order. The annotation parses into an `int32` type.

### kubernetes.io/ingress-bandwidth

Example: `kubernetes.io/ingress-bandwidth: 10M`

Used on: Pod

You can apply quality-of-service traffic shaping to a pod and effectively limit its available bandwidth.
Ingress traffic (to the pod) is handled by shaping queued packets to effectively handle data.
To limit the bandwidth on a pod: write an object definition JSON file, and specify the data traffic

> speed using `kubernetes.io/ingress-bandwidth` annotation.

Reviewer: We should say what the units are. I presume either “bits per second” or “bytes per second” but I wouldn't be 100% sure just from this text.

Reviewer: We should mention that these annotations only work if you use a CNI plugin that honors them. I think they might actually be experimental.

Reviewer 2: Here's the reference in kubernetes.io that currently lists this as an experimental feature
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/compute-storage-net/network-plugins/#support-traffic-shaping

Since its an experimental feature, there should be a note stating so

Author: @sftim @reylejano changes done🙂

This annotation is used to set [Pod Deletion Cost](/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/replicaset/#pod-deletion-cost)
which allows users to influence ReplicaSet downscaling order. The annotation parses into an `int32` type.

### kubernetes.io/ingress-bandwidth

{{< note >}}
Ingress traffic shaping annotation is an experimental feature.
If you want to enable traffic shaping support, you must add the `bandwidth` plugin to your CNI configuration file (default `/etc/cni/net.d`) and
ensure that the binary is included in your CNI bin dir (default `/opt/cni/bin`).
{{< /note >}}

Example: `kubernetes.io/ingress-bandwidth: 10M`

Used on: Pod

You can apply quality-of-service traffic shaping to a pod and effectively limit its available bandwidth.
Ingress traffic (to the pod) is handled by shaping queued packets to effectively handle data.

> To limit the bandwidth on a pod: write an object definition JSON file, and specify the data traffic

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To limit the bandwidth on a pod, write an object definition JSON file and specify the data traffic
```

You can apply quality-of-service traffic shaping to a pod and effectively limit its available bandwidth.
Ingress traffic (to the pod) is handled by shaping queued packets to effectively handle data.
To limit the bandwidth on a pod: write an object definition JSON file, and specify the data traffic

> speed using `kubernetes.io/ingress-bandwidth` annotation. Unit used for specifying traffic speed is Megabits per second, written as M in annotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
speed using `kubernetes.io/ingress-bandwidth` annotation. The unit used for specifying ingress
rate is bits per second, as a [Quantity](/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/common-definitions/quantity/).
For example, `10M` means 10 megabits per second.
```
